Ports all existing XCX mods to 1.0.2J 1.0.0E 1.0.0U & 1.0.0J. also new free cam mod (#567)
ActualMandM/cemu_graphic_packs: src/XenobladeChroniclesX/Mods/HUDFreecam/rules.txt

[Definition]
titleIds = 0005000010116100,00050000101C4C00,00050000101C4D00
name = "Freecam"
path = "Xenoblade Chronicles X/Mods/HUD/Freecam"

> description = Look around the world with the developer freecam.|The game functions like normal when you're in this mode. Area renders around camera, so going too far will make your character have no ground and die.||Made by blingbloing, modified by intra.|||Hold 'R' button to move camera up|Hold 'L' button to move camera down|Hold 'X' button to keep camera in place|Hold 'Y' button to speed up camera|Tip: Press and hold the R stick button to speed up even more

Reviewer: I still think this is too long, did you check the suggestion at https://github.com/ActualMandM/cemu_graphic_packs/pull/567#discussion_r957593867 ? Or what didn't work with it?

Author: It looked kinda unpleasant when actually loaded into cemu. This has the flaw of being a really long line in a text editor, but in the cemu graphics pack screen it looks fine

Reviewer: You sure? Text wrapping in Cemu is kinda janky so I've always tended to avoid such long texts. But if you really say so.

> description = Freecam mod, look around the world in freecam.|Hold 'R' to move up, hold 'L' to move down, hold 'X' to keep the camera in place, and hold 'Y' to speed up the camera, hold in the right stick to speed up even more.||Your character still exist and can skip travel, battle, die, etc. and can play the game nornally.|Enemies only spawn around the player but world generation follows the camera. If the camera goes too far, the ground under the player will unload and you'll void out.||Recomended to be combined with other HUD mods.|Made by blingbloing, modified by intra.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description = Look around the world with a freecam.|The world continues when you're in this mode.|Area surrounding camera is rendered, so going too far will make your character have no ground and die.|Recomended to be combined with other HUD mods.|Made by blingbloing, modified by intra.

[Default]

|Hold 'R' to move up, hold 'L' to move down, hold 'X' to keep the camera in place, and hold 'Y' to speed up the camera, hold in the right stick to speed up even more.||

[Preset]
category = Hold 'R' button to move up
name = ""

[Preset]
category = Hold 'L' button to move down
name = ""

[Preset]
category = Hold 'X' to keep camera in place
name = ""

[Preset]
category = Hold 'Y' to speed up camera
name = Tip: Press and hold the R stick button to speed up even more

```
